--- Synonym Replacement ---
Flags from race control are disabled.
Signals from race control are disabled.
Race control flag signals are turned off.
Race control’s flags are deactivated.
Flag indications from race control are disabled.
Race control no longer sends flag signals.

Driver or team manages flag information.
The driver or team controls flag data.
Flag information is managed by driver or team.
Driver or team handles flag signals.
Flag control is done by driver or team.
Driver or team takes care of flag info.

Race control no longer sets flags for the vehicle.
Race control does not assign vehicle flags anymore.
Vehicle flags are no longer set by race control.
Race control stopped setting vehicle flags.
Race control has ceased flag assignment for the vehicle.
Flags for the vehicle are no longer controlled by race control.

Switch to basestation flags.
Change to basestation flags.
Switch over to basestation flag control.
Use basestation flags instead.
Move to basestation flag management.
Toggle to basestation flags.

The driver or team now manages flag control.
Flag control is now handled by the driver or team.
Driver or team currently manages flag control.
The driver or team takes over flag management.
Flag management is done by driver or team now.
Flag control responsibility is with driver or team.

--- Paraphrasing ---
Flags from race control are disabled.
Race control flags are currently disabled.
No flags are being sent by race control.
Race control no longer provides flag signals.
Flag signals from race control have been switched off.
Race control has disabled flag signaling.

Driver or team manages flag information.
Flag information is under the control of the driver or team.
The driver or team oversees flag data.
Driver or team now handles all flag info.
Flag info is managed by driver or team.
The team or driver takes care of flag signals.

Race control no longer sets flags for the vehicle.
Vehicle flags are no longer controlled by race control.
Race control does not set vehicle flags anymore.
The vehicle flags are managed outside race control.
Race control has stopped setting flags for the vehicle.
Flag setting for the vehicle is no longer done by race control.

Switch to basestation flags.
Please switch to basestation flags.
Use the flags controlled by the basestation.
Switch your system to basestation flags.
Change to flags coming from the basestation.
Adopt the basestation flags now.

The driver or team now manages flag control.
Flag control is now with the driver or team.
The driver or team is responsible for flag control now.
The driver or team has taken over flag management.
Flag control duties now belong to driver or team.
Flag management responsibility is with driver or team.

--- Word Reordering ---
Flags from race control are disabled.
Disabled are flags from race control.
From race control, flags are disabled.
Race control flags are disabled.
Flags disabled from race control.
Race control has disabled flags.

Driver or team manages flag information.
Flag information is managed by driver or team.
Driver or team manages the flag information.
Managed by driver or team is flag information.
Flag info is controlled by driver or team.
The driver or team manages flags.

Race control no longer sets flags for the vehicle.
No longer sets race control flags for the vehicle.
Race control no longer sets vehicle flags.
For the vehicle, race control no longer sets flags.
Flags for vehicle are no longer set by race control.
Race control stopped setting flags for the vehicle.

Switch to basestation flags.
Switch to flags from basestation.
Basestation flags, switch to them.
To basestation flags, switch.
Switch over to basestation flags.
Flags switch to basestation.

The driver or team now manages flag control.
Flag control now managed by driver or team.
The driver or team manages flag control now.
Managed now by driver or team is flag control.
Flag control is now with the driver or team.
Driver or team controls flag management now.

--- Slight Additions ---
Flags from race control are disabled.
Flags from race control are now disabled.
Race control flags are currently disabled.
Please note, flags from race control are disabled.
Race control no longer sends flags.
Flags from race control have been disabled.

Driver or team manages flag information.
Flag information is now managed by driver or team.
The driver or team currently manages flag info.
Please note that driver or team handles flag info.
Driver or team takes over flag management.
Flag information is controlled by driver or team.

Race control no longer sets flags for the vehicle.
Race control no longer sets flags for the vehicle currently.
Vehicle flags are now managed outside race control.
Please be aware race control stopped flag setting.
The vehicle’s flags are no longer set by race control.
Race control has ceased managing vehicle flags.

Switch to basestation flags.
Switch immediately to basestation flags.
Please switch to basestation flags now.
Drivers should switch to basestation flags.
Switch your system over to basestation flags.
Use basestation flags from now on.

The driver or team now manages flag control.
Flag control is now managed by driver or team.
The driver or team is responsible for flag control now.
Drivers should note that driver or team manages flags.
Flag control duties now rest with driver or team.
Driver or team is now in charge of flag control.